	     [minor] "IPv6 and IPv4 can be supported in the same address family"
	     This sounds as if you're calling IPv4/IPv6 the same AF...when you're
	     really referring to the transport of the information.  Please put a
	     forward reference to where this claim is specified.

	We will add this reference in the next revision.

Added in -13.


	     [minor] "IPv6 and IPv4 can be supported in the same address family"
	     This sounds as if you're calling IPv4/IPv6 the same AF...when you're
	     really referring to the transport of the information.  Please put a
	     forward reference to where this claim is specified.


	We will add this reference in the next revision.

Added in -13.


	     [major] Â§5 talks about SPF running only for nodes that advertised the
	     same SFP Algorithm as the local node...so just advertising this TLV is
	     not enough.  At least add a forward reference to Â§5.

	Reference will be added in the next revision.

Added in -13.


	     [minor] s/The prefix metric attribute TLV/The Prefix Metric TLV

	Will be included in next revision.

Fixed in -13.


	     [] "If by some chance the BGP Speaker is deployed long enough..."  I
	     love positive thinking. :-(

	This is the law of large numbers - it will never happen. We will remove this
	statement in the next revision. The range is 0 - 18446744073709551615. At one
	self-origination per milli-second, it will still takes 10's of millions of years.

Removed in -13.

	     [nit] s/When BGP speaker/When a BGP SPF speaker

	This was missed and will be fixed in the next revision.

This was already fixed in -12.


	     [] Please remove the sentence about the NEXT_HOP and focus all
	     discussion about it in Â§5.4.


	We missed this and it will be in the next revision.

This is removed and a reference was added. 


	     [minor] "the SPF or best-path"  I guess you meant simply the SPF calculation.

	We will change this in the next revision.

This was already fixed in -12.


	     [minor] s/BGP-LS domain/BGP SPF domain

	This will be changed in the next revision.

Fixed in -13.

	     [major] "list of candidate Node NLRI"  Where does this list come from?
	     Is it the outcome of the rules in Â§5.1?

	The NLRI selected during 5. are eligible to be added. Will add a reference in the next revision.

Added in -13.


	     [major] "configurable period of time, e.g., 2-3 seconds"   Please
	     define a timer and set a default.

	We indicate this is implementation dependent. We could revise in the next revision.

Timers are added in -13.


	     787	   Similarly, when a prefix becomes unreachable, a more recent version
	     788	   of the BGP-LS Prefix NLRI will be advertised with the SPF Status TLV
	     789	   Section 4.3.1 indicating the prefix is unreachable in the BGP-LS
	     790	   Prefix Attributes and the prefix will be considered unreachable with
	     791	   respect to BGP SPF.  After some configurable period of time, e.g.,
	     792	   2-3 seconds, the BGP-LS Prefix NLRI can be withdrawn with no
	     793	   consequence.  If the prefix becomes reachable in that period, the
	     794	   originator of the BGP-LS Prefix NLRI will simply advertise a more
	     795	   recent version of the BGP-LS Prefix NLRI without the SPF Status TLV
	     796	   in the BGP-LS Prefix Attributes.

	     [] Same comments...


	Need to add "SHOULD" here in the next revision.


Changed in -13.


	     [minor] "brief configurable interval, e.g., 2-3 seconds"  Can we use
	     the same timer as before?

	We indicate this is implementation dependent. I guess will add these timers in
	the next revision (or a future revision).

Timers added in -13.


	     [major] Route origin validation (and BGPSec) don't apply to BGP SPF.
	     Whatever door those mechanisms were meant to close are still open in
	     BGP SPF.  Specifically, there's no verification about the origination
	     of prefixes: anyone can advertise a prefix --- with the proper metric
	     it can result in erroneous traffic delivery.

	 We will say BGPSec is not applicable in the next revision.


This was already fixed in -12.
